HUVEC layer
compartment tissue
compartment culture
tissue culture
Adhesion assays
adhesion HUVEC
HUVEC adhesion
CD11a/CD18 ICAM-1
CD11a/CD18 interactions
ICAM-1 interactions
motility se
matrix components
alpha beta
beta alpha
alpha beta
alpha beta
beta alpha
alpha beta
glands alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha beta
alpha beta
beta ICAM-1
ICAM-1 VCAM-1
Endothelium alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha IIb
alpha IIb
beta adhesion
adhesion molecule
adhesion ICAM-1
molecule ICAM-1
types VCAM-1
VCAM-1 endothelium
arterioles venules
venules capillaries
staining E-selectin
arterioles venules
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha beta
alpha beta
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha alpha
alpha beta
alpha beta
beta adhesion
adhesion ICAM-1
adhesion L-selectin
ICAM-1 L-selectin
stromal glands
glands integrins
integrins membrane
membrane components
glycoproteins outgrowth
trophoblast vitro
adhesion trophoblast
trophoblast vitronectin
findings data
data adhesion
adhesion alpha
antigen-1 lymphocytes
antigen-1 ICAM-1
lymphocytes ICAM-1
ICAM-1 endothelium
CD56+ lymphocytes
integrins lymphocytes
ICAM-1 VCAM-1
retention stroma
intraocular neoplasm
intraocular inactivation
neoplasm inactivation
inactivation alleles
alleles RB1
alleles tumor
RB1 tumor
RB1 suppressor
RB1 gene
tumor suppressor
tumor gene
suppressor gene
RB1 carriers
carriers tumors
tumors Rb
Rb penetrance
penetrance expressivity
penetrance pedigrees
Arg661Trp mutation
mutation penetrance
penetrance mutations
penetrance Fisher
Fisher test:
penetrance alleles
involvement modifier
modifier gene
modifier penetrance
gene penetrance
gene Rb
penetrance Rb
MED4-driven MED4
MED4-driven methylation
MED4 methylation
MED4 analyses
methylation analyses
CpG85 intron
intron RB1
RB1 DNA
DNA methylation
differential methylation
1981C>T allele
Arg661Trp allele
Arg661Trp tumor
allele tumor
allele suppressor
tumor suppressor
suppressor retinoblastoma
1981C>T mutation
haploinsufficiency tumorigenesis
penetrance Rb
RB E2F
RB Myb
RB complex
E2F Myb
E2F complex
Myb complex
Drosophila Caenorhaditis
Drosophila elegans
Caenorhaditis elegans
cycle E2F-4
G0/G1 complexes
complexes transcription
transcription S/G2
S/G2 complex
papillomavirus E6
papillomavirus E7
papillomavirus oncoproteins
E6 E7
E6 oncoproteins
E7 oncoproteins
transformation cancer
